speaking of fake news today is the day
the president promised to hand out his
most dishonest and corrupt media awards
you heard about this which is funny
because it's ridiculous but it's also
it's danger Trump continually complains
that the coverage of the mainstream by
the mainstream media is negative and
that is true but of course it's been
negative when you cover a train wreck
you don't give equal time of the Train
it's so his goal now is to discredit the
integrity of every media outlet that
isn't Fox and Friends and of course one
of his primary targets is CNN he hates
CNN he so here now live via satellite to
accept the Donald Trump dishonest and
corrupt media award for fake news for
2018 lead political anchor for CNN mr.
Wolf Blitzer hello oh go ahead then yes
first I want to thank our fake news
writers who help tirelessly made up
brilliant bull bull you long okay I want
to thank our special effects team who
made it look like the president through
a paper towels at Puerto Rico oh wow and
most importantly I want to thank
President Trump for this trophy of a
child's fist giving a middle finger see
now hold on a second this is why people
don't trust the news this man isn't Wolf
Blitzer I know this this is this man is
my father and then I don't know what
you're up to but president Trump is
right the news is fake you're a fake
Wolf Blitzer whoever said I was Wolf
Blitzer
uj-- that you did no you said I was Wolf
Blitzer dad you turned your garage into
a Situation Room
that's not normal let's make the
president even even hand out the fake
news Awards today everything about this
is fake is anybody hungry I made banana
mini muffins
it's Rachel Maddow dad no that's not
that's not Rachel Maddow that's my
mother that's mom not tonight it isn't
that out
come on Rachel let's go holding Paulo at
the world
they're bored you know sometimes you
have to get them out of the house
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings